Admin Usage page information (#3450)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Cloud_Platform/CloudAdminApp/Viewing_info_on_system_usage.md

---
uid: Viewing_info_on_system_usage
---

# Viewing information on system usage

> In the Admin app, you can view information about the usage of certain 'features' in a DataMiner System. Usage is reported in DataMiner credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Admin app, you can view information about the usage of certain features in a DataMiner System. Usage is reported in DataMiner credits.
```

> Currently the only feature that reports usage data is Storage as a Service (STaaS), which reports amount of ingest operations per data type, but the list of 'features' will grow in the future. For more information about the metering and conversion rates, see this [Page].(https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer-overview/Pricing/Pricing_Usage_based_service.html#metering-units)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently the only feature that reports usage data is Storage as a Service (STaaS), which reports amount of ingest operations per data type. The list of 'features' will grow in the future. For more information about the metering and conversion rates, see this [Page].(https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer-overview/Pricing/Pricing_Usage_based_service.html#metering-units)
```

> Currently the only feature that reports usage data is Storage as a Service (STaaS), which reports amount of ingest operations per data type, but the list of 'features' will grow in the future. For more information about the metering and conversion rates, see this [Page].(https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer-overview/Pricing/Pricing_Usage_based_service.html#metering-units)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the only feature that reports usage data is Storage as a Service (STaaS), which reports amount of ingest operations per data type, but the list of 'features' will grow in the future. For more information about the metering and conversion rates, see this [Usage-based services: Metering](https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer-overview/Pricing/Pricing_Usage_based_service.html#metering-units).
```

> Currently the only feature that reports usage data is Storage as a Service (STaaS), which reports amount of ingest operations per data type, but the list of 'features' will grow in the future. For more information about the metering and conversion rates, see this [Page].(https://docs.dataminer.services/dataminer-overview/Pricing/Pricing_Usage_based_service.html#metering-units)

Reviewer 3: Links to other pages within the same repo should be done by UID to make sure that they're update-proof. If you link to the URL, and the link no longer works, you won't get a warning. In this case, this link should be configured as `[Metering](xref:Pricing_Usage_based_service#metering-units)`. For detailed info, see [Links and cross-references](https://docs.dataminer.services/contributing/CTB_Markdown_Syntax.html#links-and-cross-references).

## How to view your usage

1. In the [Admin app](xref:Accessing_the_Admin_app), check whether the correct organization is mentioned in the header bar.

1. If a different organization should be selected, click the organization selector ![Organization selector](~/user-guide/images/Cloud_Admin_Selector_icon.png) in the top-right corner and select the organization in the list.

1. In the organization overview menu, go to the Usage page.

1. On this page you can view per month how much your DataMiner systems consumed.

> It is possible to filter on months although you do not have anything consumed during that period. By selecting one or multiple DataMiner systems you can view the usage for selected systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is possible to filter on months even if you have not consumed anything during that period. By selecting one or multiple DataMiner systems you can view the usage for selected systems.
```

> [!NOTE]
>

> > - Organization with no DataMiner systems that use any of the supported 'features' will see an error message stating that there is no data found for this organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - An organization with no DataMiner systems that use any of the supported 'features' will see an error message stating that there is no data found for this organization.
```
